# calculator
My first calculator, built with Javascript, HTML, and CSS!


Reflection:

This is not my proudest work. I think when I went into it, I didn't fully understand what the instructions was asking for--I started making a calculator that would repeat the operation if you pressed the equals button continuously, so I started writing code that would do that, but it would make other features that was asked for more difficult to write, so I had to restart my code. Some things were kept of course, such as the operations (add, subtract, etc.), and I modified the operate() function to use switch instead of if. I also relied heavily on another person's code to write my own code. I was adding far too many event listeners and random variables that would check if something is or isn't true-- in simplest terms I think I started to spaghetti code. So I looked at another person's code and saw how much simpler things could be. One revelation was that they used textContent often while I had declared a variable to a innerHTML. It would seem that their method would always grab the right string while mine always needed to be updated. textContent also would be used directly with the currentOperation function so I didn't need to convert the userinput to a variable, and set the currentOperation to that variable. There were just areas that didn't need any declaration at all, whereas I believe I overused them. Despite having copied a lot of code, I felt that I still learned a lot. I read line by line and wrote comments explaining what the code does, so I'm not completely lost in the dark. The only originality of the project I would say is the CSS. I feel more confident in CSS and am learning how to different ways to improve visibility and user friendliness. 